What's New 105 (#2137)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/experimental-features/index.md

<!-- todo: need text -->

Status:
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Canary v106.
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Stable v104.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Show option to expose internals in heap snapshots

_new as of v105_

> Whether to display a checkbox to expose internals in heap snapshots in the **Memory** tool.

Author: @captainbrosset - pls review/clarify desc

See [Map the processed code to your original source code, for debugging](../javascript/source-maps.md).

Status:
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Canary v106.
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Stable v104.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Emulation: Support dual screen mode

_new as of v106_

> Whether to show the UI to emulate dual-screen mode in device emulation.

Author: @captainbrosset - pls review/clarify desc

<!-- todo: need text -->

Status:
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Canary v106.
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Stable v104.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Enable CSS Authoring hints for inactive rules, deprecated properties, etc.
<!-- keep "etc." in heading, to match UI label -->

_new as of v105_

Whether to enable CSS authoring hints in the **Styles** panel of the **Elements** tool to display information tooltips next to inactive or deprecated properties.

> In Canary v105 and later, this checkbox has no effect.  When this feature is implemented, this feature will provide help when writing or inspecting CSS in the **Styles** panel.  Small information icons will appear next to CSS properties that are inactive (or deprecated).

Author: @captainbrosset - pls review/clarify desc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature provides help when writing or inspecting CSS in the **Styles** panel.  Small information icons appear next to CSS properties that are inactive or deprecated. An inactive property is one that applies correctly to an element but has no effect on it (for example `width:100px` applied to an inline element has no effect).
```

Reviewer: Removed the "has no effect" part because the feature does work with 105.

* [Change colors with the Color Picker](../css/reference.md#change-colors-with-the-color-picker) in _CSS features reference_

Status:
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Canary v106.
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Stable v104.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Group sources into Authored and Deployed trees

> _new as of v105_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_new as of v104_
```

Author: confirmed in Stable

> Controls whether to group sources into **Authored** and **Deployed** trees in the **Page**, **Filesystem**, and **Overrides** tabs of the **Sources** tool.  This feature in the **Sources** tool allows you to group source files in two folders depending on whether these are:

Author: @captainbrosset - pls review/clarify desc

Reviewer: This was added in 104, not 105. We talked about it in the What's New 104 video here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_ZprFX8x0I&t=2s

```suggestion
Controls whether to group resources into separate **Authored** and **Deployed** trees in the **Page** tab of the **Sources** tool.  This feature in the **Sources** tool allows you to group source files in two folders depending on whether these are:
```

*  Original source files (authored, that is, files with your local edits).
*  Production files (deployed files that are on the web server after compiling and bundling the source files).

Status:
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Canary v106.
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Stable v104.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Hide ignore-listed code in sources tree view

_new as of v106_

> Whether to hide or display code that's in the ignore list, in the **Sources** tool's tree view, such as the **Page** tab.

Author: @captainbrosset - pls review/clarify desc

* [The first time source files are loaded, breakpoints might not trigger](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=1133307&q=%22instrumentation%20breakpoints%22&can=2)

Status:
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Canary v106.
*  This checkbox is present in Microsoft Edge Stable v104.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Enable re-designed Breakpoint Sidebar Pane in the Sources Panel
<!-- preserve heading = UI label -->

_new as of v106_

> Whether to show the re-designed version of the **Breakpoint Sidebar** pane in the **Sources** tool.

Author: @captainbrosset - pls review/clarify desc
